### Attention

* For the installation of the expansion pack in ZIP format for Firefox browser, please refer to here: #60!

* In order to further improve the translation experience, we have established an Edge Translate user communication group. Welcome to join: [Edge Translate](https://t.me/EdgeTranslate)

### New

* Added a button to jump to the settings page in the translation display box for easy adjustment of settings.

* Added text description information to buttons in translation display box for easy understanding.

### Improvements

* Adjusted the trigger threshold for the resizing function on both sides of the translation display box to avoid affecting clicks on page elements.

### Fixes

* Fixed the problem that the style of Edge Translate clashed with the original page style in Firefox (#115, #116, #117).

* Fixed the mismatch between the translation results and the pronunciation of the translation results in some cases when using Bing translator (#118).

* Fixed the issue of right-click translation not working in the browser's native PDF reader.

* Fixed an issue that caused some pages to not load properly on Firefox (#122).

* Fixed the problem of translation display box going beyond the page boundaries in some cases.

### Sponsor

It took us much time and energy to develop this project. If it truly helped you in some way, you could reward us with cans of Coke to support us to keep improving it: [PayPal](https://paypal.me/EdgeTranslate).

But, this is completely __voluntary__. Sponsoring won't bring any special treatment and you can still use Edge Translate freely without sponsoring. Do it according to your capability!