### Attention

* For the installation of the expansion pack in ZIP format for Firefox browser, please refer to here: #60!

* In order to further improve the translation experience, we have established an Edge Translate user communication group. Welcome to join: [Edge Translate](https://t.me/EdgeTranslate)

### New

* Added support for __multiple translation providers__, including __Google Translate__, __Bing Translate__, __Baidu Translate__ and __Tencent Translate__. More providers are going to be added in the future.

* Added a hybrid translation provider named __Hybrid Translate__, which can combine results from different providers and provide a better translation. For example, You can use Google Translate to display phonetic symbols and read words aloud, and in the same time use Baidu Translate to obtain word examples;

* Added __floating mode__ for the translation box. Now you can switch the translation displaying mode in floating mode and edge mode by dragging the translation box:

  + When the translation box is displayed on the left or right edge, dragging the translation box to the middle of the page will make the translation box float on the page. When you select words to translate again, the translation box will automatically expand near the selected text;

  + When the translation box is floating on the page, dragging the translation box to the left or right until the mouse reaches the left or right edge of the screen will restore the translation box to display on the left or right edge;

  + The size and position of the floating translation box can be adjusted freely to meet different requirements;

### Improvements

* The overall structure of the project is reconstructed and the maintainability of the project is improved;

* Promise is used to replace some of the callbacks to improve the readability of the code;

* The code generation pipeline of different browsers is optimized, and the redundant code is removed from the final compilation results;

### Fixes

* Fixed a lot of potential problems;

### Sponsor

It took us much time and energy to develop this project. If it truly helped you in some way, you could reward us with cans of Coke to support us to keep improving it: [PayPal](https://paypal.me/EdgeTranslate).

But, this is completely __voluntary__. Sponsoring won't bring any special treatment and you can still use Edge Translate freely without sponsoring. Do it according to your capability!
